
    The P300 response is an event related potential (ERP) characterized
    by a positive voltage deflection around 300 ms after a rare or
    unexpected stimulus typically recorded using electroencephalography
    (EEG). The classic P300 (also known as oddball) paradigm 1) consists
    of stimuli representing possible BCI outputs are separated into two
    categories: target and non-target 2) the stimulus of the target
    category is sufficiently rare compared to the non-target category
    and 3) the user attends the target category \cite{Wolpaw2012}.  P300
    amplitude increases with increased absolute time gaps between
    oddball presentation \cite{GONSALVEZ2002}, and amplitude is also
    affected by moment to moment changes in the probability a stimulus
    will appear, where higher probabilities result in diminished
    amplitude of responses \cite{Donchin1981}.  Also, when users
    performed two tasks simultaneously that elicited oddball responses,
    when one of the tasks increased in difficulty and required more user
    attention, the P300 amplitude associated with the more difficult
    task had larger more salient oddball responses. \cite{Sirevaag1989}.
     Furthermore, an auditory paradigm with an oddball probability of
    25\% is likely to yield a P300 response \cite{Nijboer2008}. 

Background:
Auditory Scene Analysis:
Humans have the ability in a crowded auditory environment to
selectively listen to different sounds and segregate different
sources into different 'streams' (i.e. the 'cocktail party effect') 
\cite{Bregman1994}. 
These streams can be formed by discriminating
features such as spatial location, informational content, or temporal coherence.  

P300 response:
The standard procedure for eliciting a P300 response is as follows:
A subject is presented with a series of stimuli that fall into one of two classes (i.e. target and non-target)
One class (the target) must have lower probability of occurring than the other and typically use ¼ to ⅓
The subject performs a task to classify stimuli into the two classes by (selectively) ATTENDING  the stimuli

Introduction:
Evoked Related Potentials such as the P300 response are typically used
for extracting user intent in speller related brain computer interfaces.

Typical spellers present stimuli in the visual domain however, auditory
stimuli may be a competitive alternative due to several unique features
of central auditory processing.

Recent developments have shown that discriminative ERP features do not
have to rely on ‘oddball’ stimuli but can be evoked via
sequential/alphabetic ordering \cite{Tangermann2014}.

target letters as a proxy for P300 response

Question
The experiment tests:
Effects of alphabetic ordering 
Effects of phonemic similarities in letters
Effects of dynamic vs. ordering

Which of these features determine listener's ability to discriminate
target?
How do these features correlate with cognitive load?
Can these percepts of cognitive load be corroborated via pupillometry?

Hypothesis:
Keeping letters in alphabetic order will aid user's accuracy in
attending a target letter.
Alphabetic ordering will also lower the cognitive load of listener's
attending a letter.
Similarly, fixed order presentation will increase the acurracy and ease
the cognitive load of the listener.
Local and steady-state features of pupillometry can be used to assess
cognitive load.


Stimuli:

Procedure:
Subjects:
Native English speakers with no hearing difficulties

Conclusion
Sequential ordering (the charStreamer paradigm) offers a potential to greatly increase the usability of current speller systems
There are still avenues to increase usability within this new paradigm

Acknowledgments
We would like to thank the Computational Neuroscience Training Program
and the Center for Sensorimotor Neural Engineering for funding towards
the BL- BT summer exchange. We would also like to thank the Levinson
Emerging Scholarship and the Mary Gates Research Scholarship for support
during this project.
