Barplots show the average subject mean for the first 9 trials vs.
the last 9 trials for each condition and the survey results.  
a) Behavioral: Shows the
initial and final mean accuracy among conditions.  The accuracy
test subjects ability to discriminate the number of targets in a
trial as means to verify attention during the task period.
There were no significant differences between conditions among
any conditions.  There were also no significant differences
between accuracies between initial and final trials.

b) Physiological: Shows the mean base corrected subject pupil
size for each subject in each condition in initial and final
trials. Higher pupil size indicates larger cognitive load.
Fixed-order is significantly greater than Alphabetic and Random
in early trials (p=.04, p=.02 respectively). The initial
Fixed-order mean was also significantly higher than during the
final trials (p<.03).
During the final trials, no conditions were significantly
discriminable.

c) Survey: shows the indicated weighted difficulty according to the NASA
TLX. Subjects rated the random condition significantly harder
than both the Fixed-order and Alphabetic condition (p<.04,
p=.0005 respectively).  The greater difficulty of Fixed-order vs.
Alphabetic was not significant (p=.07).

Pupillometry time series: 

Shows the mean subject pupillometry size throughout the course of
a trial. A trial is segregated broadly into the primer period, No
target occured where subjects learn the target letter and adjust
to the ordering of the trial, followed by a period where subjects
fixate on a white dot on the screen before the task sound begins,
followed by the task period. During the task period shown, cycles
are separated with dotted lines. In the first cycle, no target
occured and Fixed-order and Random conditions are indiscriminable
so it is not considered as part of the task during analysis.
Analyzed separately, no significant differences exist between
conditions in the primer portion, fixation portion, or first
cycle of the trial as one would expect.  The resulting means from
the initial and final task periods are shown in Figure 2b.

